>> Jem Young: Mm,
you know what we haven't done?
And this is a bit of a side quest.
But we haven't looked at
our op log in a while.
Let's see what's going on there,
I just want to see what's happening.
Apologies for the shift, but
it's just interesting to me.
So let's say cat /var/log and
then, look at the authlog and
it's going to deny me, so
I'm going to sudo bang bang.
What's going on here?
Anything interesting?
Yeah, it's a lot of people trying
to connect to my computer again.
Later, yes?
>> Speaker 2: I noticed you're
using the history shortcut,
you haven't mentioned that.
>> Jem Young: The history shortcut,
did I not yesterday?
Hmm, the history shortcut, so
you can go up, and you're just traversing.
>> Speaker 2: Bang bang.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, the pseudo bang bang.
>> Jem Young: I mentioned that yesterday,
yeah.
Just in case you didn't know.
If you wanna run the last command, so
I'm gonna run this again,
which won't work without sudo.
But if I run sudo bang it's
gonna replay what I want and
it's gonna see the last command but
with sudo.
So we're just replaying the history with
the sudo command and then it works again.
If you didn't catch that,
that is something that will
save you a lot of time.
The other one I did was reversing my
bash history, so I can go up, down.
If you wanna find something in your
bash history, control R, say log and
it will look through all
of your bash history.
These are super useful.
They're nice shortcuts.
And the good thing is they work on your
Mac too, if you do a lot of command line
programming, using control R,
going up through history going back.
Again, it's this common platform that
makes these things powerful because, yes,
while OS X is a BSc and
this we're using Ubuntu,
which is a different Linux distribution or
different distribution.
They still work the same cuz we're still
using bash which is this common program
that works over all of them.